Zauberer

The Story So Far (Work in progress)

Prologue

In the near future:
 Aliens invade. Only the Aido Fighting Team can stand against them.

Chapter One - Welcome to Sunnywedge

A few years earlier:
 My life is fantastic. I have no money, no job, and the weather is bad. As always. Such irony, to live in a city called Sunnywedge when it always rains. People have started to use a new kind of drug that's smoked as a cigerette. Everything is run-down and broken and most things are done by machines. What's worse is this new virus that has started to spread in the city. Makes people throw up puke and parasites and later, die. Even my wife, Jennifer, has caught the infection. I just hope our daughter doesn't get it too.
 I'm on a visit to my neighbour and friend, Ryan, who also has the virus, in hope to borrow some money from him. I'm in his flat and I see him standing, leaning over the railing with the window open. He is smoking one of those new cigarettes. The view is bleak and depressing. "Hey man," I say to him, "I need some help". "What are you looking for, drugs?" Ryan replies. "Not today," I say, "I need to borrow some money". Ryan doesn't have time to answer before he starts vomiting puke and parasites over the railing outside and on the the red carpet he has inside his flat. The carpet is now partly covered with white puke with small, transparent worms crawling around in the mess. "You better leave before you catch this infection too." Ryan says to me. I get the point and start to move towards the flat's door. Before I get there however, Ryan interrupts me. Feeling better for the moment, he says "Hey man!". I turn around towards him. "Take this!" he says to me and throws a package towards me. I catch it, and check its contents. There's some money and a few coins in Swedish currency, and one of those new kind of cigarettes in it...

Chapter Two - The Pig-Man

 When I get out from Ryan's flat to the streets, I get confused because I can't decide what to do next. I feel a little better now at least, now that I have some money and at least can afford to pay this months rent. Still, having no job and no hobbies gets really frustrating in the long run. I feel really bored, almost depressed at this moment. I start to glance towards the cigarette Ryan gave me. It looks more and more inviting. I've never used this new drug before, and I really don't want to either, it being illegal, addicting and all that, not that the corrupt police force cares much about it though. There's too much other problems in this city for them to have the time to care about petty drug addicts. To hell with it. I stick the cigarette in my mouth, get my lighter up and light the cigarette. After a few smokes, I start feeling really tired and dizzy and start to faint. The last thing I see before blacking out is me lying on the street with the cigarette beside me...
 The Pig-Man is sitting in his car on one of his usual trips on his way to the slaughterhouse with the truck loaded with pigs. On the street in front of his, he sees an unconsious man lying there, right on the ground. He decides to pick him up and put him in his truck and starts driving towards the hospital instead of the slaughterhouse, being the helpful kind of man he is. When he get's to the hospital, the medical staff there helps me get to a bed in one of the rooms, something which I am unaware of at the time, still being unconsious...

Chapter Three - The Bomb

 When I finally wake up, there is quite a commotion in the hospital. Oh noes! Apparently, they've just found a bomb inside the hospital, one of the scared staff tells me. No one at the hospital knows how to disarm it. They've called for an bomb disarm team, but they're too far away to be able to reach the hospital in time. I now come to think of the time I spent, mostly out of boredom, researching bombs on the internet. "I can give it a try." I say to him. "I guess we have no other choice." he replies. I go ahead and succesfully disarm the bomb...

(Insert a few more chapters here...)

Third to last Chapter - The Car

 I decide to buy a car to be able to get better job oppertunities. I get a job as a driver. My current mission is to go about 6 miles outside of town to a shore. When I get there, a really aggressive man is there and he starts spraying grafitti on my car and beating it up. My car gets damaged so that most of the gears stop working. Only the rear one still works. I panic a bit and start backing my way back into the city which is really hard. I keep my head outside the window looking behind and at the same time try to dodge the hanging loose electric cables to keep myself from getting electrified. Being so distracted, I miss to notice the hole in the ground and drive right into it. The car with me inside fall down into the hole...

Penultimate Chapter - The Aido Fighting Team

 When I hit the ground I climb out of the broken car, feeling quite dissoriented, and find myself in the Aido Fighting Team's hideout. Every punk and lowlife there are out to get me. I have to use everything around me to survive. I find a meat grinder and start it up. Poor Mats-Erik's life end's in it. After having obliterated them all, I'm declared this years winner of the Aido Fighting Team. As I'm on my way up to the winner's stage, I grab a Diet Coke and some soft ice cream being served on the way there. When I finally get there, I feel proud over my accomplishment, but also a bit scared due to my stage fright...

Last Chapter - The Alien Invasion

 Aliens invade. Only the Aido Fighting Team can stand against them.