A new light

In an age long forgotten, when gods ruled the earth, mankind rebelled against the creator Ra. He decided to send the Sekhmet, goddess of war and fire, to punish mankind. She began her rampage. The fields ran with human blood. However, Ra was not a cruel deity, and the sight of the carnage caused him to repent. He ordered her to stop, but she was in a blood lust and would not listen. So Ra poured blood red beer in her path. She gorged on the "blood" and became so drunk she slept for three days. When she awoke, her blood lust had dissipated, and humanity was saved.
So later when Sekhmet ran away Ra became furios that she dared defy him again. Anhur, the god of war, vowed to bring her back from the distant land of Nubia to appeasse Ra, but when he finally caught up with Sekhmet, he was enraupted and fell in love. He led her back home, where he requested Sekhmet to become his wife. 
Ra refused, fearing their power. He made the Scepter of Was to contain the power of Sekhmet. Ra gave the scepter to the first god-king of Kemet. For almost 3000 years they ruled by the power of the scepter, until the kingdom fell to foregin invaders and the staff was lost. 
A warlord decided that the scepter was the weapon that would end the stailmate in the Wastland.
The artifact started to glow and a voice spoke.
”I am Sekhmet, Mistress of Dread, who summons me?!”
”Your humble servant , Powerful One, grant us the power to destroy our enemies.”
 “Serve me and in return your armies will be unstoppable.”
With Sekhmets blessing, the warlord began his quest to unite the Wastland. For several months they defeted over all who opposed them. But it was not to last. Legions of demons and undead began to apper in the Wastland.

“Anhur, I call you into this world. Come and take your place at my side.”
“Yes, my Menhet. At last we will have our revenge.”
 “The power of the enemy is growing. Mankind is weak. We shall create an army to bring order to the world. Men shall see the light or be destroyed!”
“Yes my Menhet.” 




The Order of the Great Flame
And that’s how the Kherjits came into being, a race bred for war and conquest. They all had a strong conection with Nesert, the Great Flame, but only the females could control it. They formed the Order of the Great Flame, tasked with spreading the cult of Sekhmet throuout the empire and to root out the taint of chaos. Wielding the power of Nesert, the priestesses of the Order where powerful mages, fighting the forces of chaos with sword and word.
Twenty years after the Seccond coming the Kherjits began their conquest of the Wastland. One by one the warlords fell to might of the Kherjit armies.  



Satsekhem

Concept for spells and weapons for the mage:
Fireball: area-of-effect attack, medium damage
Scourging Breath: cone attack, must be stationery to use
Septer of Was, endgame staff
Purifying Flame, summoned melee weapon, high damage
